Back in the chest fall I want to use my HTP storm service the one I just created.
Therefore I'm importing it here from my HD Pido chess file.
And keep in mind I also mentioned this in the modules module.
This Dutchesse at the end shouldn't and won't be needed.
If you were able to write this natively in the browser.
But for now using this system yes loader as a helper.
We need to add DOT checks to tells us to check as well which Phonse specifically it has to look at.
In the end this should work with the outdoor chair.
So that's only a temporary work around here.
So what do I want to import.
Well I want to import the HTP class.
This one here which I export in this HTP file.
So if that I got well able but I need to pass a URL there right.
So I'm going to create this u r l and back in the API here I'm just fetching this link because in the
very first by by city name here and then all news or.
HTP I have to write this because it's not included in the link then I paste the link.
And of course the name here should be replaced with your city name so plus city name.
But then as I always said we need to add some additional things I need to add my app ID.
So it is API.
You can find your dashboard and I also want to fetch everything in metric units.
And even if you are in the US you might want to do this too because later on I'll implement a method
or something you will see what it is later.
In my app which will automatically Koln.
My metric degrees in this case degrees Celsius into Fahrenheit.
Now could fetch a concern had in the first place but I want to show you how you can implement such a
default converting mechanism.
Therefore I'm always fetching in a metric here and I will convert it manually.
And as I just said append your app idea.
And for this you need to use the app ID key here that's important app ID.
One word equals.
And then your app ID.
Now I'm going to store this in a new constant app ID which was created at the very top let's say app
Id only if it is blank for now.
But you are already full in your app idea from your dashboard.
And with that you are always created in the way we need to create it.
Now if of course I can simply use my HTP class call the static fetch state method and pastie you were
l.
And now remember these HGP class or this static method to be precise returns a promise.
Well Therefore I can simply chain a call here.
Remember the promise module and handled response data I'd get back that arrow function you for example
and I will also change a catch block to catch any potential Aeros in case we reject the promise.
And here I will simply throw an alert with the error of course here in the success case I want to do
some additional things but I'll come back to that in the next lectures.